INTDB-301-DOC: Move Federated Docs to separate branch (#747)
mongodb/terraform-provider-mongodbatlas: website/docs/d/federated_settings_org_config.html.markdown

---
layout: "mongodbatlas"

> page_title: "MongoDB Atlas: mongodbatlas_cloud_federated_settings_org_config"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
page_title: "MongoDB Atlas: mongodbatlas_federated_settings_org_config"
```

sidebar_current: "docs-mongodbatlas-datasource-federated-settings-org-config"
description: |-

>     Provides an Federated Settings Organization Configuration.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Provides a federated settings organization configuration.
```

Reviewer: Missed

---

> # mongodbatlas_cloud_federated_settings_org_configs

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# mongodbatlas_federated_settings_org_configs
```

> `mongodbatlas_cloud_federated_settings_org_config` provides an Federated Settings Identity Providers datasource. Atlas Cloud Federated Settings Organizational configuration provides federated settings outputs for the configured Organizational configuration.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`mongodbatlas_federated_settings_org_config` provides a federated settings identity providers data source. Atlas federated settings organizational configuration provides federated settings outputs for the configured organizational configuration.
```

## Example Usage

```terraform

> resource "mongodbatlas_cloud_federated_settings_org_config" "org_connections" {

Reviewer: ```suggestion
resource "mongodbatlas_federated_settings_org_config" "org_connections" {
```

  federation_settings_id     = "627a9687f7f7f7f774de306f14"
  org_id                     = "627a9683ea7ff7f74de306f14"
  domain_restriction_enabled = false
  domain_allow_list          = ["mydomain.com"]
}

data "mongodbatlas_cloud_federated_settings_org_config" "org_configs_ds" {
  federation_settings_id = data.mongodbatlas_cloud_federated_settings_org_config.org_connections.id
  org_id                 = "627a9683ea7ff7f74de306f14"
}
```

## Argument Reference

* `federation_settings_id` - (Required) Unique 24-hexadecimal digit string that identifies the federated authentication configuration. 
* `org_id` - Unique 24-hexadecimal digit string that identifies the connected organization.

## Attributes Reference

In addition to all arguments above, the following attributes are exported:

### FederatedSettingsOrgConfig
          

> * `domain_allow_list` - List that contains the approved domains from which organization users can log in.

Reviewer: Please be sure to capture all relevant doc, e.g.: 
```suggestion
* `domain_allow_list` - List that contains the approved domains from which organization users can log in.  Note: If the organization uses an identity provider,  `domain_allow_list` includes: any SSO domains associated with organization's identity provider and any custom domains associated with the specific organization.
```

Reviewer: @martinstibbe not fixed.

Author: Fixed

> * `domain_restriction_enabled` - Flag that indicates whether domain restriction is enabled for the connected organization.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `domain_restriction_enabled` - Flag that indicates whether domain restriction is enabled for the connected organization.  User Conflicts returns null when `domain_restriction_enabled` is false.
```

Reviewer: @martinstibbe not fixed.

Author: Fixed

> * `identity_provider_id` - Unique 24-hexadecimal digit string that identifies the federated authentication configuration.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `identity_provider_id` - Unique 20-hexadecimal digit string that identifies the identity provider associated with the connected organization.
```

Author: Fixed

> * `post_auth_role_grants` - List that contains the default roles granted to users who authenticate through the IdP in a connected organization. If you provide a postAuthRoleGrants field in the request, the array that you provide replaces the current postAuthRoleGrants.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `post_auth_role_grants` - List that contains the default [roles](https://www.mongodb.com/docs/atlas/reference/user-roles/#std-label-organization-roles) granted to users who authenticate through the IdP in a connected organization. If you provide a postAuthRoleGrants field in the request, the array that you provide replaces the current postAuthRoleGrants.
```

Author: Fixed

>   ### Role_mappings

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 ### Role_mappings
```

Reviewer: @martinstibbe not fixed.

Author: Fixed

* `external_group_name` - Unique human-readable label that identifies the identity provider group to which this role mapping applies.
* `id` - Unique 24-hexadecimal digit string that identifies this role mapping.
* `role_assignments` - Atlas roles and the unique identifiers of the groups and organizations associated with each role.
* `group_id` - Unique identifier of the project that owns this Role Mapping Configuration.

> * `role` - Specifies the Role that is attached to the Role Mapping.

Reviewer: wouldn't this still output the orgId for the entry?

Reviewer: @martinstibbe still an open question

Reviewer: @martinstibbe not fixed.

> ### User Conflicts

Reviewer: Should this not have a variable name?  This has a space?  I put the same above but we'll need to fix both.

Reviewer: @martinstibbe still an open question
